The Happy Guru Mooji's 10th Day. 10th Day Bhuja, Chimi P. M. Mioni is one of the very
glorious days in all the Sangha members. All of us is beautiful. Truly for me is one of the great
proponents of my reach that I had a long time. Since the great Master K.G. Padme H. Rinpoche
into the Mahakarin Nirvana. I always think, always pray how I can discover, find out the reincarn
ation
of the great Master K.G. Padme H. Rinpoche. Truly he was one of the great masters. So humble,
so simple, drawn to the art. That's what I like. That's what the great Master Bota Chaki Mouni
taught. That's how he did. He gave up the royal kingdom, leapt on the forest and moving a whole
lifetime in the bare feet with holding the arms ball. Arms ball and sleeping under the trees.
And the teaching of love, kindness, compassion, joy and peace and discovering the true nature of
the one's own mind and to everyone. That's what Buddha did. And all those great masters did.
Truly K.G. Padme H. Rinpoche was one of the very beautiful, great masters. Follow that same manner
and same path. Dharma is his heart. Dharma is his blood. Teaching is his like breath, breath.
Vinaya teaching, Sutra teaching, and Abhidharma teaching. Vinayana teaching is part of his
himself and he always kept that. Since he had the opportunity to become a state ordination
and practice Dharma, he never lingered that with him and never compromised and kind of like fell
apart. He really truly maintained that. That I admired. He had so many opportunities. He can do
many things. But always maintaining in the Dharma and the teachings. And truly I was fortunate that
he was my also brother. And one of the great master's kindness that who kept me under his
wings and under his elbows all the time that he nourished and kept up this. And today in the way,
not in the way, I performed that dream. That I had the great opportunity to find the reincarnation
of our great beloved master. I had that thought as he said so many times. And also I mentioned
that many times to the many of my Tibetan Dharma friends. Everyone also told me, "Oh, I mean,
that's a tradition." They should all say, "Oh, we have to definitely, we should follow. We should
ask to His Holiness Dharalam or we should ask to the head of the new school, His Holiness Dharam
Sepral Ramadhi Master." And him all days were another famous master known as His Holiness
Dharam and His Holiness Dharam. That's the tradition and everybody follows with that.
But I myself thought I have the very kind of hermitage style of nature. My nature is more
hermitage. Kinti Ramadhi also like that to me. He's a hermitage. He's not like to be engaging in
all these things. It's truly every pursue those great masters. I'm sure they will also recognize
him, one of those that. But it's to going doing this, following these steps, I always little bit
kind of like tired for me. For me, there's a lot of also broke crisis. And there's also going back
and forth, back and forth. Both summaries. I don't have that kind of like capability to pursue that
again, and again, and again, and again, and says, and says, and then finally, maybe they will
accept
that. Also, I look the like index of the whole those great master recognize the true course,
how much really the true course that become really true course. I looked in the chart of the index
of
this. I'm kind of in a way, let us stop skeptical and more kind of also I like to be like kind of
a little more intellectual become looking into the chart. And whenever those truly genuine,
generous, really so good with that, but many of the times not really exactly as we wish as that
goes, great master would recognize it, wish it, wish it, they almost are kind of become opposite,
opposite. Of course, it's good for them. When you nominate a true or nominated that moment,
the troopers are honored as the princes or prince immediately that are benefited to them.
But truth to me, the reincarnation emanations, why is it emanating? Because to benefit to the
teaching to the to the beings to happen to the beings, through love, kindness, compassion,
through the good examples, example stories, that's what really and the keeping of the legacy of the
visions of formal that llamas or whatever that or that bodhisattvas that for many times it kind of
falling apart that minute even those great master recognize that at that really happened. Even
though
it's nice at the beginning time kind of good name, name or this master recognize this and that
things
that but that kind of level most of the balloons goes away and then just become very counter taken.
And the other hand, there's also many troopers are recognized by very kind of but low key
general kind of great llamas, good llamas, good practicing. They are recognized also really become
very powerful, very beautiful, very special to benefit to the beings and to the teaching,
exactly as that teaching said that. So I thought very many times of to whom I asked also in the
stability there's reincarnation of the of the of the satsang number. Also he's recognized a lot
of troopers too, so I thought to ask him to that and then kind of looking into the heavens getting
in
my own song kind of thinking that to whom I should ask. Then I thought to go to ask to to I kind of
feel very close to ask to there's a renowned great teacher, master Nadeto, known as Nampa Timi Ramb
utis.
Many of you maybe you don't hear, but he was the father of the wife of Satyam Mahara Rambutis.
Mahara Rambutis and Trungma Rambutis son that who is the head of the all the Shambhala Buddhist
centers. Sentence. His wife's father is a renowned thetum, thetum of the kesha, particular kesha he
become is you know. I kind of also there be what to him all these activities and what we did kind
of
more open, more praying, more direct, more straightforward. I really thought I think like
to follow maybe to him because I don't have to go back and forth to ask this. Maybe once I
recognize it I may be accepted and then just that. So maybe should I ask I thought that. I thought
to
ask him, but then our kind of Sangha members they're surprised. They might be very dumb apprentice.
They're surprised. I imagine that. They say oh yeah that's okay, but they can't for good surprise.
So I thought maybe then we all kind of like then we should have these old great masters that listen
and include the Nampa Timi Rambutis and Nampa Trungma Rambutis. So what we thought. I thought maybe
I
should really do the divination. To whom is good to ask. Among the divination nation and that there
's
I mean there's many divination things to be ready to do, but one that my father and the Kiki
what he generally likes very much is marrow divination, marrow divination. And that's why
for example I'm father able to come out of Tibet because of the marrow divination.
That there's many different marrow divinations and the best one marrow divination is the
letter comes or that old indication the prediction comes upon the marrow. Marrow as a screen and a
computer screen really comes and they transcribe that. There's very famous one in where I was born
in Tibet and his name was Kathatrava and he was so renowned. When you ask him questions or when
even you don't have to tell what you're asking, but you prayed wicked and give him some object
or many times the grain of bollies. Grain of bollies and so you pray to that and put that
your wish to that grain of the bollie and hand it over to this lama and he with his ceremony
pray he throw that grain to the marrow that to be the ritual object marrow and then the prediction
comes to him. Many times not many times it comes with two image as well as writing letters symbols
and writing letters. That was the way it came to father when he went to see him when is the best
time I should leave Tibet because communist tennis is really completely kind of like circling every
direction so where I should when is a good time I should leave. He said you should leave before
1959. If you pass 1959 according to video yet that was year of the big big year. If you delay
further than the big year you cannot go out of Tibet. So you have to leave before the 1959 ends.
So that's what we kind of delayed and just before the big year end and in the middle of the winter
we left. And that's how really the prediction is so accurate and so strong. And ever since
the kingdom which is always a father likes to always do the better divinations. Many times
he asks to do many different things. So I thought maybe I should I'm on the divination. I like to
maybe ask mirror divination ask someone who really do the good one. So I call to of course we're
talking back and forth on the phone in the Varanasi. I ask him do you any any mirror reader good
one
well known in Tibet. I asked him. He said yes I know someone. My friend who lives in Tibet he told
me
there's very quite well known in in a Tibet there's mirror reader and he knows. He knows that. He
knows
he's very good. Everyone said whatever he said it was really accurate very true always. So I asked
him to please call him. Please call him and find out how we can reach to this Lama. Lama. So then
Shiram Tarsi Lama. He called to Tibet. Tibet. And he he called how can we reach that mirror readers
.
This Lama he firmly said oh that mirror reader is right now with our village. I invite him to
come here and he's here. Have you learned to ask. And then Shiram Tarsi Lama. He called me back. He
said he's with him now. I said how wonderful that is really wonderful. Then could you ask to that
our wishes. To whom we should ask which Lamas. His Holiness Thalo Tsevra Rambuchi who was head of
the Nyingmama Nyingmah schools of Tibet Buddhism and his Holiness Dottokir Rambuchi. His Holiness
Tsevra Rambuchi. And Nam Tia Truko which means thousand lumbarian connection in Tibet. And his
M&S Nahuat Mir Rambuchi. To whom we should ask. Ask him. Please call and tell that to whom ask.
So he he called. And he these days there is very special techniques. You know that. And what's the
name of this. We chart. Have you know that. You know. We chart. We chart. Chat chart. Chat chart.
We chart.
We chart is so free. Really you can talk back and forth. Back and forth. So we we charted
and said these things. What we like to be divinations. And so this Lama did the divination
marrow reading. Reading. And he wrote down everything. And then they sent back to
Sriram Dharji. Lama Sriram Dharji in India. And Lama Sriram Dharji sent to me. Back to here. Here.
And so he said. Among all those Lamas. The best Lama is his Eminence Nahuat Mir Rambuchi.
Exactly what I thought. He is the best. Best. And he was. He is like Lama Nahuat Mir Rambuchi.
Well known Kesar Tertung. Tertung of Kesar. In his marrow reading he said he is the emanation of
the
famous name Kesar warrior. Jata. And Anu Sunkri. Two great warriors emanation joined together.
He is. He is the emanation of these two great warriors. And Kati Parthikaram which is the
emanation of the another famous warrior of the Kesar. Known as Sunda Adum. Sunda is very famous.
And even he said I was also some part of that guru. That he was that guru. And is the best
candidate
is to ask to Nahuat Mir because of all these connections. Have you more delayed?
Delayed you cannot do that. Cannot do that. So then it really came like exactly. And then I said
ask to ask. Ask Sriram Dharji why he said that this Nahuat Mir is reincarnation of who said
that. I mean reincarnation of this Kesar and Kati Parthikaram. All these wife brought up that
answer here. How that happened I said. I told maybe this because Nahuat Mir is well known
Kesar Tertung. So I told maybe they really told oh he is Tertung this and that thing. Maybe then
they just then this marrow reader is also writing that. I told him that. So I asked him how that
happened. And then again Nahuat Mir, how you that happened. I mean why he say these things.
But it came on the marrow. He just he put that here. Said no. This is his friend. He said I never
make anything about that. Except what you asked to ask. That is only asked. I never make anything
about Nahuat Mir. Anything is all. He is writing that. He is that all come in the marrow. So then
I thought really that's interesting. Very beautiful. So now we should pursue with this
reincarnation with Nahuat Mir. So then I asked to and of course I'm here. I can't go there. So I
asked
now you should go. You're the only one that really can do this and is there and you should go
and meet and recursive to Nahuat Mir Mooji and to find out. So when he went there and Nahuat Mir M
ooji
also very open mind and he never said anything that I cannot do. I have no capabilities. I mean
those are the many times in the usual kind of terminologies in disability they do. Of course
many times they do. I can't do. I don't have capabilities. I'm not candidate of these things.
You have to ask better too. All the lemmas and this and that. There's all show goes on. I think
whenever you know I'm sure that's what they do too. Those things. In a dharma world they do too.
Back and forth. Back and forth. And when he went there he never said anything. Okay I will do.
Look at mine. I will do. And I even told myself why must be why they're delaying to search
of reincarnation. It's about time to do. But okay I will do. So then so that really comes so easily
kind of nicely. And so then we put it in his his voice to mind and his head. So then finally
make sure all the long story. There's so many other things going on. Long story to short then
last week. That again three weeks. Last year sorry last year he said again very special. So then he
looked through his dream. His vision. His kesadevanations. Through this. He also told at the very
beginning he said that I will look at these days. All lemmas don't have reincarnations. But I will
look that kinti patahiranamaji has is reincarnating or not in this world. Every reincarnating in
this
world where he is reincarnating. Isn't it a bit. Or is it Bhutan. Or is it Nepal. Or is it India.
Or where. I will take that there. So I will find the locations and then will tell you.
So the last autumn. And then he said he looked everywhere and search everywhere. He's not he's
taken definitely a connection but not in Tibet. Not in Bhutan. Not in Sikkim. Not in India. And in
Nepal. And then he looked away in Nepal. Where is the reincarnation. He also thought search through
his words of the mind and the divination and the dream. He's taking reincarnation in Kathmandu
Valley.
Valley. And where in Kathmandu Valley is talking. And then in the east direction of the Bodhanath
Stupa or south west north. And then he said I think east. I didn't forget something. South.
South. That is taken. And then among that which tribe is taking reincarnation. To be the family
is taking reincarnation. He said I mean really one after another. So then I said yeah that's really
wonderful that. But then when he was went there. There at that time Nepal having so much trouble.
All this political troubles. And as well as as there's like strikes and there's no
gas lines and all these things. So it's become so difficult to that. So the Hiram Taze just couldn
't
stay there. He went back to South Varanasi. So that this now the New Year came to be. New Year
came. And this year is also very special for the Murpema Sambab. Sambab is a monkey years. For Murp
ema
Sambab is considered one of very special years in the Yuma Buddhism. Buddhism. And then I told to
Hiram Taze and all of them. I think now you should go there. We have to go there. We cannot delay
this. This place could you go again to this. Because I wish that we don't have to interrupt
that when he said that to search in autumn time. But then that all happened. And now is really time
we must go. And whenever you have the things you can go I want you to go as soon as possible. So I
told him that. So he went over three weeks ago back to Nepal. And then he began to look in
searching
and all the candidate that what he give his eminent number to give the all the different
names of the parents and direction and all that. So then he looked look at the search and finally
then last week then he found right. Many candidates. Many candidates. Many candidates.
And this is the first candidate group of the group of the child and then second candidate.
And many times he said none of this has his own connection. And so third one when he give that
and a child and a particularly the last one he said or then then he said the next day he called
back to he said and this child really looks like a connection. I had so many dreams so many visions
and also my guess I definition all that just this child is the looks like. But still we make sure
that it is authentic or not. You have to do same only one hundred thousand ganachaka offering of
and one hundred thousand the practice things of the Dhanapala Mahakala and the Mama Ekachati and
as well as many many hundreds thousand of the prayers of the of the group in my summer to some
some get the party loves in the summer and trying to do this this and then make the final decisions
.
So then he called back and I said yeah please do those so I try to kind of organize those things
and then they did those ceremonies in Nepal in India in Tibet all those prayers so then he went
back and then he called he called back and then he said then he is a confirmed now this is truly
a connection and he was so many dreams and visions came one after another him after
after these children and then even he said two days ago I was very pleased of what I made the
decision really he said that and I had so many dreams and visions and and in way he said all those
dreams and visions are indicating getting formal lives of the Keti party children what he said that
so the really here what he said this is his own uh writing teaching and visions of visions that's
it
in India he was a Keti party he was as Lalita Vedya that means one of the great masters of the
new schools of the Tibet Buddha Lalita Vedya is very famous in the time of the here
said during the time of in the Tibet during the time of the mermaid somewhere 25 disciple
he was so called labra so called labra so called labra is this one this this one who was holding
tagger this one and here also he said when he during the guess at the time he he said the
gurudyamsi another warrior gurudyamsi last time was called this mermaid divination writer
writer was during that one who wrote his mermaid he said samma adun so it's slightly different
to in in the warriors and now he was a Keti party children which is and many different
amanekians he talked tell one who said many different amanekian i pray i respect
drifty from the heart and pray and blessed bless bless and as he had more visions in the vision he
said the corn shells of dharma is blooming blooming and dharma drum is beating or
beating and it's within the will of dharma and that will spread out all of those and
Victoria banner of the teaching is firmly erecting and all the secret teaching will spread out how
allah how wonderful that was he said who said that in his dream
said doji lekba doji lekba is one of the very famous nimadana pala among the mama ekachati
and rahula and doji lekba doji lekba said that that that he thought this wonderful aspect of sign
and then he or his name is i think that was the name he wrote down so that's what he
wrote wrote and this was his long life prayer is ryan kanahek chukus long life prayers and he wrote
and then there's also the more less prayers that we should do more to not having any obstacles for
the reincarnation and the more prayers those who listed that and then he give this his name
reincarnation name he said quite long name quite long name and so those are the my
kind of a report to you all and i just wish you again i just wish and pray and i thank you all
of you really supporting helping so all the time all the time to to reach to these stages i so
thankful so great to all every all the sangha members and everybody go thank very much all
the sangha members in my summer resident sangha members and then very much thank you very much
the human learning she was being a backbone to my old activities and kijin body so i thank for her
her all the activities without your support and help we won't i can't achieve i can't go
for this far whatever we did so i feel one of my beautiful people man in the life that i always
thought who one who stay behind of the dear ones what they have to do keep up the legacy of the
vision that they started they started that and do some kind of like in the legacy the memorial
something in their legacy in their honor to do that and they recognize in the dharma dharma
recognize if they have the reincarnation so those are the legacies so that means so all those leg
acies
when i kind of some degree i prefer and maintain it because of all your support and blessings of
the buddha dharma sangha and gurupya masambha and all their lineage all the line lineage masters as
i said truly i'm not just making up that world in kind of to show that but truly really i believe
this is the blessings of the all this delirium masters buddha dharma sanghas sanghas and
with all their blessings with all that i don't have cover ability any of these things any any
of these because this this everyone's blessings everyone's support so i kind of feel happy and
proud proud in some degree in this beautiful special day and to also share and inform
to all our sangha members of this our achievement so yes that is my thank you thank you very much
everyone thank you thank you thank you thank you and then now please you come up and i have to
and then as well also that this is also we have the beautiful fulfillment of this particular
two honor to kenji bardekar muchis almost like when we started with the retreat almost and maybe
the second year i believe second year or other very first year kenji bardekar muchi and i had
the opportunity to join with him as i said he's always keeping me out of his wings wings and under
under his arms arms and we had the opportunity to give the teachings of on the yishilama for three
months ever since then many sangha members are helping editing task or task therapy editing and
that and finally it came last week too really it's a long time it's a long time
so this is what's called supreme wisdom a commentary on the yishilama lama this is
the one of the beautiful fulfillment of again everyone's help and support supporting and in
to to the legacy of the dharma and to honor of the buddha dharma sangha and all the linear masters
so these supreme wisdom and this is then the nature of the mind again this is the teaching
that kenji bardekar and i had the opportunity to join with him so give this teaching and this was
published by by the shambhala publication and again it came last week's last week's and so
all this is like as honor and offering oh yeah then this is another one
and this lemonado l sandero lemony part sunday in spanish it came also last month
so all this really again is by the blessings and again i offer this to all the buddha dharma sangha
may this continuous fire to all the practitioners really help and support deeply they understand
realization and for the beautiful goal of the body to benefit to to the beings and to the
teachings thank you everyone and now please
you come i have some gift to give you i mean not me and this is the special teaching
by his on the dinner where i give that many people who are here last week
but those who don't have or don't visit please come up this is called the player of the thoughts
and then i like please come everyone i like to give
this photo of the young cinema everyone yes memorize that so please this is the cover and
here it is so they met so much effort the lorraine and the and even the saint sainty
far away in tennessee he also helped to kind of touch of these things so please come up yeah